[Music]
a pass Plus yes he dedicated one to you s yes I
already know who passes by I don't dedicate one of
hate I dedicate one to myself in a good way In fact it's that
he says that I eat Javi
But what if tomorrow I upload a video
criticizing who I tell you Miguel
Carcaño Well say that
also answer that they could comment
on the wallet that he bought before
Dallas announced enis I no longer have a
[ __ ] idea what you're talking about
the Wall that he bought before let's see
a lot of people bought it before
Dallas announced it on Discord a
lot of people bought it he's not very smart honestly no no
but it happens he's very smart see that everything
Javi says is copied and pasted from
Dallas and that simple because his boss
Dallas okay okay okay okay okay
indirectly lives off Dallas makes
sense has a place according to what happens no eh a
pass no Well of course a pass doesn't live off
Dallas But because he can't But Jabi
Elira lives lives off Dallas Yeah yeah let's go
indirect tisima very very very very very
indirectly very very very very
indirectly But  well character
sinas Javi would be famous No in fact
in the debate we had Javi
had everything already prepared everything and
orchestrated according to what surely what he
had to tell me was told to him by Dallas you
know and he gave him the exact seconds of
everything
if it was all about a video that she made me
in the morning, I mean everything that I
everything that I talked to her about in that debate
was a video that she made me in the morning
what the hell did I have to prepare for that, I don't even have to
prepare anything
so that none of these bad people
saw my videos, I mean he throws things in my faces about
videos that at minute 19 of
a 30 minute video I say that I
slapped a tourist and he
throws it in my face as if it were
comparable to being sexually harassed to
what Dallas said anyway and
directly he also lives off let's see
besides it was with Fran de la jungla eh
How was Dallas I mean he is he is let's
say a henchman of Dallas that I went
with Fran de la jungla just like
Dallas was I am invited to the  from francoa
I was invited before Dallas And
before plex I mean when Fran
came up with the idea of ​​inviting YouTube okay she called
me first before even
proposing it what happens is that I spent
a year making excuses because I was
scared you know and the thing about threatening to
sue me is like eh You're not
very smart no because you know that
treating me in the masculine talk clearly
This is not a debate I'm talking
like a child with a small child who
tells me that I'm a rat treat people with
respect of course with what small child
with you a small child of 30 years old sees and
I don't see any child or small or
30 years old maybe you're confused maybe you
're seeing yourself in the image also
repeatedly it's a hate crime it's a
hate crime to call her
masculine But when have I called her
in the masculine there when I tell her I'm
with a small child that I tell her I'm
with a small child because she was
behaving like a small child it's a
hate crime but yes and and they say Oh no we're not
suing you for defamation because I
called you a dog and because  I called you a rat boy
and you who have called me
that Dallas has called me a piece of
[ __ ] I don't know what I don't know how much I am not
anyway, I mean you cry because I call you a
rat boy But he calls me a piece of [ __ ] and he
tells me it describes you perfectly [ __ ]
how I have told you that a piece of
[ __ ] describes you perfectly is that that is that it
is not true describe
I perfectly I am going to jail Javi
Oliveira Ah if he writes to me he
will go to jail But well
with Javier Oliveira I am not going to give him any
more such I have the bif with Javi he
wants to get into media to monetize
But that thing about you not going to
give Javi any more vi and that you want to mess with
Dallas is worth to think that you are
masculine you have referred to yourself on
many occasions for example here it is a is
a professional circus okay I It is
true that yes I have my videos Well
then fooling around like many
youtubers I also have a character
sometimes in which like many youtubers
I also have a character videos
Well then fooling around like many fooling around  I
have my videos Okay,
so being silly like many
youtubers being silly but
anyway eh Well if she wants
e Dale I'll answer another day okay but
this is ridiculous Because she starts
saying that I address her as masculine
when it's not true I mean I will never,
never address her as masculine I mean these are
judicial truths Javi you wouldn't
understand a kiss Tun Tum
anyway he tells me he threatens me I didn't
tell him I haven't told him that I'm suing her for
defamation what I said is that if he
mentions minors or if he wants to remove it
the good way he can remove it and if not he'll
learn the hard way but she
starts saying that eh if I sue her she
answers she posted it on Twitter the other day
that if I sue her she answers me with
a complaint I mean she's
basically stating that she would file a
false complaint but this is the mentality of this
type of people w I mean they would also file a false complaint
this lady's brain was also removed
a kiss ef eh that I would file a
false complaint Javi I can hear you down below you've
got me fed up with it Hello  hello hello Well
I can't upload it anymore it's going to
saturate let's see how it sounds now it's going to
saturate if I upload it more So would I
file a false complaint if I
sue her If I sue her she
falsely accuses me of a hate crime For
calling her in the masculine I mean she's already
telling you that she would file a false complaint
but then she says I have a boyfriend with
Dallas not with this girl you've sent me
a hundred tweets Wait up I'm
looking for it you've sent me I don't know how many
tweets well [ __ ] you don't have a boyfriend you have an
obsession okay you have an
obsession look wait you've been retweeted
up to m you just followed all the
bad guys from Dallas but you have a
boyfriend with with with with that you don't have a
boyfriend with me that you have him with Dallas and
that I want to jump on the bandwagon wait
dude jump on the bandwagon you're fascinating with the
impressions that I've given you okay it's
fascinating with the impressions that I'm
giving you and your impressions are all the
time about Dallas or about jav oliveira I mean
what are you telling me wait  here you
started tagging me in this Dallas thing
with this big musama that I wasn't even
in Madrid I think this when on May 26th I
was there no I wasn't in Madrid I was
already sleeping I don't remember when it was
but they sent it to me they warned me because
I didn't see it it's like this girl you know and she
tags me here what excuse do you have with this
but what excuse do I have with this that
Dallas is messing
with the other one and he's threatening the other one well what excuse do I have
if I'm
not him what excuse does he have he will know
I know what I'm telling you but he asks me for my
responsibility as if I were
Dallas's mother okay then challenging the
maver I mean you have the nerve to start
criticizing Dallas for
the cryptocurrency thing and you start supporting
maverik you start supporting maverik
okay everything come on look at Maverick maveri
Maverick's multi-account Javi oliveira
Javi oliveira Javi oliveira Maverick and
here all over the [ __ ] face in the miculi
guys dalla official  I mean and and you haven't
stopped tweeting click about the debate
because you were humiliated and you looked bad
okay it's like
what you had to talk about you already talked about it look here you put the the the the about this from a video here cutting the pieces that seem to you from the debate that you like I mean but look at you look at you start saying that I treat you as masculine when in
several tweets you have said that I treated you that
I am a sexist because I treated you badly for
being a woman Look if you are a man who
talks about other content creators
you are a gossip channel like your friend
Jordi wil if you are a woman who talks about
other content creators ca Partner
then I call you a woman a
man or a raccoon why am I
calling you a woman all the time it doesn't
seem to me that you're a man What do you want me to
tell you I mean to me that doesn't matter
sincerely it's that wanting to
try to get me involved and attack me there is
absurd I mean what is nonsense to me that
is in that sense I am not going I am not going  to
mess with a person because they are trans I'm not
even going to call them masculine in fact there
were a lot of people who were
insulting him I don't know how much and I don't
think that's right no no no he lives off
this I was I was on the live and he
says cluti dasas he dedicated a video to you
and I finish the LoL game and I go and
and he didn't dedicate anything to me he said they've defamed me
and I said But cluti you say that he
dedicated a video to me and she says
Well I don't know if he dedicated it to you But he
said that they have defamed him and it's like
Okay x my pathetic pathetic really
[Music]